Update normal distribution page (#477)
arviz-devs/preliz: docs/examples/normal_distribution.md

> where [erf is the error function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Error_function).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where [erf](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Error_function) is the error function.
```

```{seealso}
:class: seealso

**Common Alternatives:**

> - [Truncated Normal Distribution](truncated_normal_distribution.md) - Limits the normal distribution to values within a specified range.
> - [Half Normal Distribution](half_normal_distribution.md) - Considers only the positive half of the normal distribution.
> - [Log Normal Distribution](log_normal_distribution.md) - Assumes the logarithm of values follows a normal distribution.
> - [Student's T Distribution](students_t_distribution.md) - Used instead of the normal distribution when the sample size is small.
> 
> **Related Distributions:**
> 
> - [Von Mises Distribution](vonmises_distribution.md) - Suitable for data on a circular scale, like angles or time of day.
> - [Logistic Distribution](logistic_distribution.md) - Has heavier tails than the normal distribution, used in logistic regression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Student's T Distribution](students_t_distribution.md) - Commonly used as a robust alternative to the Normal, it has a third parameter controlling the heaviness of the tails.
- [Logistic Distribution](logistic_distribution.md) - Used as a robust alternative to the Normal, it has heavier tails than the normal distribution.
- [Truncated Normal Distribution](truncated_normal_distribution.md) - Bounds the Normal distribution within a specified range. Sometimes, it is used for Normal-like parameters when certain values are not permitted.

**Related Distributions:**

- [Half Normal Distribution](half_normal_distribution.md) - Considers only the positive half of the Normal distribution.
- [Log Normal Distribution](log_normal_distribution.md) - If a random variable follows a LogNormal distribution, its natural logarithm will be Normally distributed. It is suitable for modelling positive and right-skewed data or parameters.
- [Von Mises Distribution](vonmises_distribution.md) - Close to a wrapped Normal on the circle. Suitable for data on a circular scale, like angles or time of day.

```
